hi Becky I'm Sierra nice to meet you
so we're here at the team de caelo
Awards what made you want to be a part
of the show tonight what made me want to
be a part I mean I just felt honored to
be here first off this is my first Halo
Awards and I'm just so happy to be here
and I think it's just so inspirational
to see these kids my age and older and
younger doing such amazing things for
the community for the world and setting
a good example their amazing role models
I mean I'm mainly looking forward to
seeing my girl she'll receive her award
and recognition for all the amazing
things she's done so a lot of kids want
to give back but they don't really know
how to do it exactly what's one tip you
have for them to get more involved in
their community I mean stuff as simple
as I mean going back to all the way in
second grade when they teach you you
know make sure you throw your trash away
don't murder little things like that
always they make a difference in the
environment and and in your community it
would look nicer and also one thing too
that always helps me feel better about
myself and helping another person is
being a good listener I feel like when
at our age when we're figuring out who
we are some kids don't have somebody
there to give them guidance or don't
have the right people around them to
give them guidance so a big a good
listener is really really nice and just
giving good advice I know you're working
on your debut album can you do have a
release date figured out yet it'll be
out next spring so 2014 spring it'll be
out and I'm really really excited I
can't get like all of you tell yeah cuz
they're like the label black keeper hope
you get value and I'm like okay okay but
I'm just so so excited could you tell if
there were gonna be any collaboration so
we know you've worked with a lot of
really cool people like cher Lloyd and
Cody Simpson do you have any
collaborations lined up for this album
well I do have a collaboration with
pitbull my song can't get enough it's
gonna be coming I'm super excited for
that second on my EP play it again my
new single playing again to that it's
featured with Juicy J on it which is
really cool there's a lot of cool
features and then on the songs that
aren't out yet I can't
because out them yeah but it's gonna be
pretty awesome so I'm excited what would
you say would be like the biggest
influence for the album like does it
have does it tell a kind of story at all
each song has something special about it
I mean I'm all about writing about life
in general whether it's something I go
through personally or I have a huge
family I'm 16 I'm super nosy I'm
dropping on everyone's conversation and
as soon as I'm like oh wait that would
be a great song so each song has its own
little twist to it and little story so
it's really just a bunch of stories in
my album that I'm really looking forward
to sharing and I had fun making it so I
hope they have fun listening and then
you obviously you've worked with dr.
Luke who's one of the biggest music
producers are out there
what's one lesson you may be you have
learned from him since working with him
working with Luke I just wanna say first
that he is the most amazing person ever
I mean it's so humble and so hands-on
he's been such a great teacher overall
just being around him and seeing the way
he thinks about things and he's made me
rewrite hooks so many times and I'm like
but I can't think of anything else and
he's like look it's all about pushing
yourself and who knows maybe the first
hook that you wrote is gonna be it but
you always got to see every option so it
just being around him is really
influential what do you think is one
challenge that you face that you didn't
really expect I feel really lucky to say
I haven't really faced like you know bad
people around me I'm I'm surrounded by
such an amazing team I mean they're like
a family to me that's what I call them
my second family
and they're really so supportive and
really guided me in the right way and I
think what's amazing and what I haven't
released wire have a list of challenges
they really allow me to be myself it's
not like the record label or the
producers that I work with the same you
need to be this they're really like
supporting me and and me being myself so
I think that's what's really amazing so
I haven't reached like a real challenge
luckily for me some bowls nice talking
to you and I have a such a fun night